Project Name: Stopwatch & Timer

Overview
This project implements a web application that serves as a stopwatch and timer. 
It allows users to track time using a clock with a stopwatch and timer functionality. 
The project is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and it leverages the jQuery library for some interactions.

Technologies Used
	•	HTML: Used for the structure of the web application.
	•	CSS: Used for styling and layout design.
	•	JavaScript: Used for implementing the interactive features and functionality.
	•	jQuery: A JavaScript library used for DOM manipulation and event handling.

Features
		Clock with Stopwatch and Timer: The application provides a clock that includes both a stopwatch and a timer.
		Stopwatch Functionality: Users can start, stop, and reset the stopwatch. Additionally, users can record laps while the stopwatch is running.
		Timer Functionality: Users can set a specific time using minutes for the timer. Once the timer is started, it counts down to zero.
		Responsive Design: The application is designed to be responsive and adapt to different screen sizes, making it suitable for various devices.
		Visual Feedback: The UI provides visual feedback for interactions, such as hover effects on buttons.
		Background Animation: The application features animated background elements for aesthetic appeal.

Usage

To use the Stopwatch & Timer application, follow these steps:
		
Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command: bash  Copy codegit clone https://github.com/your-username/stopwatch-timer.git  
		Navigate to the project directory: bash  Copy codecd stopwatch-timer   
		Open the "index.html" file in your web browser.
		The clock will show the current time by default. To access the stopwatch or timer, click on the respective buttons.
		For the stopwatch, click on the "Start" button to start the stopwatch. Click on the "Lap" button to record laps, and the "Reset" button to reset the stopwatch.
		For the timer, click on the "Timer" button, and a prompt will appear asking you to enter the desired time in minutes. Enter the time and click "OK." Then, click on the "Start" button to start the countdown. The timer will stop automatically when it reaches zero.
		To go back to the clock, click on the "Back" button.

Credits

This Stopwatch & Timer application is created with ❤️ by [Chinmay Nawkar].

